feat(monitoring): improve doc page (#835)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: md/runtime-monitoring.md

**Note:** For Enterprise, Performance, Efficiency, and Teamwork editions only.
:::

Prometheus 

In addition to these metric publishers, Bonita Subscription editions can also publish to a REST endpoint in the
[Prometheus format](https://prometheus.io/docs/instrumenting/exposition_formats/#text-format-example), that can

> easily be consumed by Time Series databases like Prometheus, and displayed by graphical tools like Grafana, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
easily be consumed by Prometheus and then displayed by graphical tools like Grafana, etc.
```
IMO we should just say it's for Prometheus.
